[EX-3846] Add logger (#10)
empathyco/x: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

* [@empathyco/eslint-plugin-x](https://github.com/empathyco/x/tree/main/packages/eslint-plugin-x) - The package name is just to follow the 
guidelines of ESLint to develop a custom plugin, but it includes also style formatter and good practices outside ESLint, as 
[prettier](https://prettier.io/) and [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) 

> * [@empathyco/x-logger](https://github.com/empathyco/x/tree/main/packages/x-logger) - This is package is a custom implementation of the
> default node logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [@empathyco/x-logger](https://github.com/empathyco/x/tree/main/packages/x-logger) - A custom implementation of default node's logger.
```
